PUBDEV-6572: AutoML set default max_runtime_secs=1h iff max_models is not set by user (#4091)
h2oai/h2o-3: h2o-docs/src/product/automl.rst

One of the following stopping strategies (time or number-of-model based) must be specified.  When both options are set, then the AutoML run will stop as soon as it hits one of either of these limits. 

> - `max_runtime_secs <data-science/algo-params/max_runtime_secs.html>`__: This argument controls how long the AutoML will run at the most, before training the final Stacked Ensemble models. Defaults to 3600 seconds (1 hour) if ``max_models`` is not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_runtime_secs <data-science/algo-params/max_runtime_secs.html>`__: This argument specifies the maximum time that the AutoML process will run for, prior to training the final Stacked Ensemble models. Defaults to 3600 seconds (1 hour) if ``max_models`` is not provided.
```
